Update test readme and results (#9)
memgraph/best-practices: import/README.md

# Import

In this directory, you'll find the best strategies for importing CSV and Cypher queries into Memgraph.

> The cypher and csv folders contain examples of how to load a CYPHERL file and LOAD CSV via pymgclient and neo4jpython client. 

Reviewer: link the folders +
```suggestion
The cypher and csv folders contain examples of how to load a CYPHERL file and run LOAD CSV via `pymgclient` and `neo4j` Python clients. 
```

> Before running any import script, make sure the `../dataset/graph500/download_dataset.sh` is executed first, 

Reviewer: Link to the script or instructions on how to run it

Author: Added

It will pull all necessary data into the dataset directory needed to run the tests. 

If you are running a test, for example, the node import process in pymgclient, you need to pass the dataset size: 

```bash
python3 ./cypher/pymgclient/concurrent_node_import.py small
```

> For concurrent LOAD CSV, Memgraph needs to be in `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` mode. 

Reviewer: link to docs (in memory analytical)

Author: Added.

## Test reference 

Below are the numbers representing import speed in different scenarios. The tests were run on the following hardware: 

CPU: AMD Ryzen 5 2600 Six-Core Processor
RAM: 2x8GB 2133 MT/s DDR4

> All tests used ten concurrent database connections. All tests were made on docker containers; native versions of Memgraph will yield even better results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All tests used ten concurrent database connections. All tests were made on Docker containers; native versions of Memgraph will yield even better results.
```

### Node import speed reference

Nodes per second = n/s
Peak memory pressure in megabytes = MB 

> TEST 1: neo4jpython

Reviewer: isn't the driver called just neo4j?

Author: Yep, which I find a bit confusing but, will rename to just neo4j.

> Not possible = np

Reviewer: Is it better to go with classic notation [N/A](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N/A)?

Author: Yeah, great suggestion.

> TEST 1: neo4jpython

Reviewer: isn't the driver called just neo4j?
